.SH SYNOPSIS
.B myth
[\fIOPTIONS\fR] \fISUBCOMMAND\fR [\fIARGS\fR...]
.br
.B agent
[\fIOPTIONS\fR] \fISUBCOMMAND\fR [\fIARGS\fR...]
.br
.B myth scan
\fITARGET\fR [\-\-profile \fINAME\fR]
.br
.B myth subdomains
\fIDOMAIN\fR [\-\-active] [\-\-master]
.br
.B myth chat
[\-\-no\-tui]
.SH DESCRIPTION
.B MYTH
(also provisioned under the \fBagent\fR alias)
is a mission-critical, sovereign reconnaissance orchestrator designed for industrial Linux and Android (Termux) environments. 
It functions as a neural bridge between Large Language Models (NVIDIA NIM) and the vast 
ecosystem of security tools (3,000+ binaries) via the \fBModel Context Protocol (MCP)\fR.

The system is built on a "Volatile-First" architecture. All tactical intelligence, vector 
embeddings, and tool outputs are stored in a high-speed, RAM-only Qdrant store. 
Absolute host isolation is enforced via \fBBubblewrap\fR namespaces, ensuring that 
all tool executions occur within a hardened containerized enclave.
.PP
On **Termux (Android)** environments, the system dynamically shifts its operational 
root to the \fB$PREFIX\fR directory, ensuring 100% compatibility without 
standard root privileges.

.SH GLOBAL OPTIONS
.TP
\fB\-c\fR, \fB\-\-config\fR \fIFILE\fR
Use a specific tactical configuration file (default: ~/.config/myth/user.yaml).
.TP
\fB\-l\fR, \fB\-\-log\-level\fR \fILEVEL\fR
Set neural telemetry depth: \fItrace\fR, \fIdebug\fR, \fIinfo\fR, \fIwarn\fR, \fIerror\fR.
.TP
\fB\-\-no\-tui\fR
Bypass the high-fidelity Terminal User Interface for a standard CLI stream.
.TP
\fB\-\-no\-sandbox\fR
Disable Bubblewrap isolation. \fBWARNING\fR: Only for trusted local environments.
.TP
\fB\-\-version\fR
Display build telemetry and neural core version.

.SH MISSION CORE COMMANDS
.TP
\fBscan\fR, \fBrecon\fR \fITARGET\fR
Initialize the 13-phase, 89-step methodology for full-spectrum target acquisition.
.TP
\fBstealth\fR \fITARGET\fR
Launch passive-only OSINT discovery. Zero active probes or direct target traffic.
.TP
\fBvuln\fR \fITARGET\fR
Execute a deep, multi-vector vulnerability assessment using the full MCP toolset.
.TP
\fBsubdomains\fR \fIDOMAIN\fR [\-\-active] [\-\-master]
High-speed discovery engine. \fB\-\-master\fR activates Tor rotation and recursive logic.
.TP
\fBmaster\fR, \fBultra\fR \fIDOMAIN\fR
Force-launch Shadow Protocol: provisions an automated mesh of Tor nodes and deep wordlists.
.TP
\fBchat\fR
Open a real-time interactive channel with the Neural Core for multi-step mission modulation.

.SH ASSET & MISSION MANAGEMENT
.TP
\fBmcp\fR \fISUBCOMMAND\fR
Manage the MCP ecosystem. Subcommands: \fIlist\fR, \fIadd\-local\fR, \fIadd\-remote\fR, \fIallow\-tool\fR.
.TP
\fBtools\fR [\-\-category \fICAT\fR]
Catalog all synchronized mission assets, including local binaries and remote bridges.
.TP
\fBtypography\fR, \fBfonts\fR
Synchronize tactical fonts. Supports 10 "Elite" assets for high-fidelity TUI rendering.
.TP
\fBsync\fR
Force re-synchronization of local tool registries and hot-reload configurations.

.SH INTELLIGENCE & REPORTING
.TP
\fBfindings\fR
Aggregate and display all discovered vulnerabilities and assets from the current session.
.TP
\fBgraph\fR
Render an interactive infrastructure relationship graph (Targets vs. Subdomains).
.TP
\fBreport\fR
Leverage the AI agent to synthesize all collected telemetry into a strategic executive summary.
.TP
\fBhistory\fR, \fBlogs\fR
View the unredacted tactical event log of the current mission lifecycle.

.SH SYSTEM MAINTENANCE
.TP
\fBcheck\fR, \fBhealth\fR
Run deep diagnostics on sandbox integrity, tool paths, and neural link status.
.TP
\fBburn\fR
\fIEMERGENCY\fR: Cryptographically shred session buffers and terminate all processes.
.TP
\fBwipe\fR
Clear volatile memory and reset the tactical context without shutting down the core.
.TP
\fBcompletions\fR \fISHELL\fR
Generate high-performance autocompletion scripts (bash, zsh, fish).

.SH RECONNAISSANCE DEPTHS
.TP
.B L1: PASSIVE
Metadata aggregation, DNS archives, and OSINT registry discovery.
.TP
.B L2: ACTIVE
Service discovery, port mapping, and non-intrusive enumeration.
.TP
.B L3: AGGRESSIVE
Deep mutation scanning, vulnerability probing, and active fuzzing.

.SH ENVIRONMENT VARIABLES
.TP
\fBMYTH_API_KEY\fR
Primary authorization key for MYTH decentralized services.
.TP
\fBNVIDIA_NIM_KEY\fR
API key for the NVIDIA NIM intelligence strategy layer.
.TP
\fBEXA_API_KEY\fR
Authorization for the Exa semantic web search engine.
.TP
\fBGITHUB_TOKEN\fR
Token for authenticated GitHub reconnaissance bridges.

.SH FILES
.TP
\fI~/.config/myth/user.yaml\fR
User-specific tactical configuration and API credential vault.
.TP
\fI/etc/myth/user.yaml\fR
System-wide global fallback configuration.
.TP
\fI/tmp/myth_sandbox/\fR
Volatile mount point for Bubblewrap isolated tool operations.
.TP
\fI~/.local/state/myth/log/\fR
Default log telemetry location for non-root users.
.TP
\fI/var/log/myth/\fR
System-wide operational log root (privileged).

.SH EXIT STATUS
.TP
.B 0
Mission accomplished. All buffers shredded and namespaces collapsed.
.TP
.B 1
Operational failure. Check telemetry logs with \fB\-l debug\fR.
.TP
.B 130
Manual abort (SIGINT). Emergency security wipe performed.

.SH EXAMPLES
.B Launch a stealth mission on a corporate domain:
.RS
$ myth stealth example.com
.RE
.PP
.B Initialize full-spectrum recon with Tor rotation:
.RS
$ myth subdomains target.org \-\-master
.RE
.PP
.B Perform a deep vulnerability audit of a subnet:
.RS
$ myth vuln 10.10.20.0/24 \-\-log\-level debug
.RE

.SH AUTHOR
Shesher (MYTH Development Team)
.SH BUGS
Report tactical anomalies at <shesher0llms@gmail.com>.
.SH SEE ALSO
.B nmap(1), subfinder(1), bwrap(1), qdrant(1).
